Supervised: train model to learn.
Unsupervised: model learn by itself.

Tom Mitchell provides a more modern definition: "A computer program is said to learn from experience E with respect to some class of tasks T and performance measure P, if its performance at tasks in T, as measured by P, improves with experience E."

Example: playing checkers.

E = the experience of playing many games of checkers

T = the task of playing checkers.

P = the probability that the program will win the next game.

In general, any machine learning problem can be assigned to one of two broad classifications:

Supervised learning and Unsupervised learning.


Supervised: when we have right answers given
  - Regression: predict continuous
      Project: Housing price prediction - regression problem 
  - Classification: discrete value (0/1)
      Project: Breast cancer
              Tumor size as feature to decide
              Tumor size and age to decide (two features) 
              ...more features
              how to select right features and store infi features:
              Support vector machine 
  
Unsupervised: when we have data, they looks different. Allows us to approach problems with little or no idea what our 
  results should look like. 

  Clustering: 
    projects:   
      Topic grouping
      Genes vs. individuals
        Take a collection of 1,000,000 different genes, and find a way to automatically group 
        these genes into groups that are somehow similar or related by different variables, such as lifespan, location, roles, and so on.
      Market segmentation
      Social network analysis
      Organize computing clusters
      Astronomical data analysis
      
  Non-clustering: 
      The "Cocktail Party Algorithm", allows you to find structure in a chaotic environment. 
      (i.e. identifying individual voices and music from a mesh of sounds at a cocktail party).
      cocktail party problem: seperate two voices from same audio recording.
      
Use Octave as your programming environment: TRUST ME


        
      
      
      
      
